chore: Add release process documentation (#18)
kyma-project/opentelemetry-collector-components: docs/contributor/releasing.md

4. In the `opentelemetry-collector-components` repository, create a release branch.
   The name of this branch must follow the `release-x.y` pattern, such as `release-1.0`.

   ```bash
   git fetch upstream
   git checkout --no-track -b {RELEASE_BRANCH} upstream/main
   git push upstream {RELEASE_BRANCH}
   ```

5. Bump the `opentelemetry-collector-components/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` branch with the new versions for the dependent images.
   Create a PR to `opentelemetry-collector-components/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` with the following changes:
   - `sec-scanners-config.yaml`:  
     Update the tag of the `kyma-otel-collector` image with the new module version following the `OTEL_VERSION-OCC_VERSION` pattern. For example, `europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/prod/kyma-otel-collector:0.102.1-0.0.1`.

6. Merge the PR.

7. To make sure that the release tags point to the HEAD commit of the `opentelemetry-collector-components/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` branch, rebase the upstream branch into the local branch after the merge was successful.

   ```bash
   git rebase upstream/{RELEASE_BRANCH} {RELEASE_BRANCH}
   ```
   

> 7. Create tags for every go module in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create tags for every Go module in this repository.
```

   For every module in receiver, processor, exporter, and extension directories, create a tag with the new version.

   ```bash
   git tag {RELATIVE_MODULE_PATH}/v{RELEASE_VERSION}
   # eg. git tag receiver/dummymetricsreceiver/v1.0.0
   ```

   The create-and-push-tags target in the Makefile helps to create and push tags for all modules.
   ```bash
   OCC_VERSION={RELEASE_VERSION} REMOTE={REPOSITORY_REMOTE} make create-and-push-tags
   # eg. OCC_VERSION=1.0.0 REMOTE=upstream make create-and-push-tags
   ```

8. In the `opentelemetry-collector-components/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` branch, create release tags for the HEAD commit.

   ```bash
   git tag v{RELEASE_VERSION}
   ```

9. Push the tag to the upstream repository.

   ```bash
   git push {REPOSITORY_REMOTE} v{RELEASE_VERSION}
   ```

>    The {RELEASE_VERSION} tag triggers a GitHub action (`GitHub Release`). 

Reviewer: Step result belonging to the step, with correct indentation. I'm impressed!

10. Verify the [status](https://github.com/kyma-project/opentelemetry-collector-components/actions) of the GitHub action (`GitHub Release`).

>     - Once the GitHub action succeed, the new GitHub release is available under [releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/opentelemetry-collector-components/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - After the GitHub action succeeded, the new GitHub release is available under [releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/opentelemetry-collector-components/releases).
```

>     - If the GitHub action fails, re-trigger it by removing the {RELEASE_VERSION} tag from upstream and pushing it again:

Reviewer: First the "if"-clause, then the instruction - excellent!

      ```bash
      git push --delete upstream v{RELEASE_VERSION}
      git push upstream v{RELEASE_VERSION}
      ```

> 11. If the previous release was a bugfix version (patch release) that contains cherry-picked changes, these changes might appear again in the generated change log. If there are redundant entries, edit the release description and remove them.

Reviewer: no comma with "that" as relative pronoun - excellent!

## Changelog

Every PR's title must adhere to the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification for an automatic changelog generation. It is enforced by a [semantic-pull-request](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/semantic-pull-request) GitHub Action.

### Pull Request Title

> Due to the Squash merge GitHub Workflow, each PR results in a single commit after merging into the main development branch. The PR's title becomes the commit message and must adhere to the template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the squash-and-merge GitHub workflow, each PR results in a single commit after merging into the main development branch. The PR's title becomes the commit message and must adhere to the template:
```

`type(scope?): subject`

#### Type

> - **feat**. A new feature or functionality change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **feat**: A new feature or functionality change.
```

> - **fix**. A bug or regression fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **fix**: A bug or regression fix.
```

> - **docs**. Changes regarding the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **docs**: Changes regarding the documentation.
```

> - **test**. The test suite alternations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **test**: The test suite alternations.
```

> - **deps**. The changes in the external dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **deps**: The changes in the external dependencies.
```

> - **chore**. Anything not covered by the above categories (e.g., refactoring or artefacts building alternations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **chore**: Anything not covered by the above categories (such as refactoring or artefacts building alternations).
```

> Beware that PRs of type `chore` do not appear in the Changelog for the release. Therefore, exclude maintenance changes that are not interesting to consumers of the project by marking them with chore type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that PRs of type `chore` do not appear in the change log for the release. Therefore, exclude maintenance changes that are not interesting to consumers of the project by marking them as "chore", for example:
```
